# AI Detector (AID): A service for detecing AI input

This service is intended to be used as an internal check for text that may have been generated by AI. With the provided text, this service will return a score that will indicate its likelyhood that the text is AI-generated.

The goal is NOT to make any value judgment on the result, but to give that information for the consumer to decide.

The AI detector used is [WinstonAI](https://gowinston.ai/)

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

## Local Development

With Go installed on your machine, clone this repo.

**Warning**: The AI detector is not free and requires tokens to use. You can create a free developer account for a free 2500 test tokens (See [WinstonAI's website](https://gowinston.ai/))

With the included Makefile, you can run the following commands:

Run build make command with tests (tests under development. Don't use for now)
```bash
make all
```

Build the application
```bash
make build
```

Run the application
```bash
make run
```

Live reload the application:
```bash
make watch
```

Run the test suite:
```bash
make test
```

Clean up binary from the last build:
```bash
make clean
```

## Usage

Once the server is up, Send a POST request to the `/v1/ai/evaltext` endpoint with the following options in the payload:

- `text`: **Required**. **Minimum 300 characters**. This is the text you'd like to evaluate. According to the Winston API, text under 600 characters may not produce accurate results.
- `language`: 2 letter language code. At this time, the API is only available in english (en), french (fr), spanish (es), portuguese (pt), netherlands (nl), german (de), polish (pl), italian (it), romanian (ro), indonesian (id), tagalog (tl) and chinese simplified (zh). You can also use "auto" to automatically detect the language based on the text. default: auto. Optional.
- `sentences`: Whether the response should include an array of sentences and their scores. Default: true.
